As we continue with this thought here on Wednesday evenings,
doing what we ought to do, doing what we ought to do.
Last week we talked about from Ephesians 6 that we ought to proclaim the gospel,
and we considered three thoughts here from 1 John chapter 4.
We're really going to use a verse here, and then we're going to jump and look at a number of other portions of Scripture,
and then eventually get back to the book of 1 John.
So once we leave the book of 1 John, keep a marker there because we will come back for the bulk of the message,
but we will look at a number of passages by way of introduction this evening.
The subject of brotherly love is regularly addressed throughout the New Testament.
I think as I begin to study the New Testament, begin to think about and ponder
this subject of loving one another and having brotherly love as the Bible would refer to it as,
I think there's a great contrast that we see between two churches that are mentioned in the New Testament.
There's the church at Thessalonica, and it's interesting as you consider the church at Thessalonica,
the Bible tells us that they are given the admonition in the first letter
that they would increase more and more in their love one for another.
And you go to 2 Thessalonians chapter number 1, and you find that the Bible tells us
that the charity of every one of you all toward each other aboundeth.
And what a great testimony of a local church that is the apostle Paul and the inspiration of the Holy Spirit of God
is writing back to them and he's commending them because why?
Well, their love toward one another is abounding.
And what a blessing, what a great testimony for a local church.
And then I think of the contrast of the church at Corinth.
And we think about the church at Corinth, and we're told in the first chapter
that there in the church in Corinth that there are divisions and there are contentions among them.
So I want you in your mind to consider these two different churches this evening
as we enter into this thought that we have from 1 John 4, 11,
when the Bible says in this verse of Scripture,
Beloved, if God so loved us, we ought also to love one another.
And I've titled the message tonight, We Ought to Love One Another.
And we see this contrast between these two churches.
A church at Thessalonica that we've often referred to as being a model church,
a good church, not a perfect church, but a good church,
a church that was following the instruction that they had been given,
a church that is commended for a number of things,
but specifically being commended because their love one toward another has abounded.
And then we think, he uses the word that it aboundeth,
and we think about the church at Corinth where they have divisions and contentions.
What would you rather be a part of, the church at Corinth or the church at Thessalonica?
I hope that you'd say the church at Thessalonica, right?
It's kind of a no-brainer.
If you go and there's this one option, you visit a church,
and I know sometimes you move to a new area, what have you.
Some of you have been members here for a long time,
but when you go to a new area, you move and you go look for a church.
I remember the latter part of my dad's career in the Marine Corps
because the home is where the military, the Marine Corps sends you,
and you'd get transferred, and guess what you have to do?
You have to find a new church.
And if I had the opportunity to visit these two churches,
and I went to Corinth and divisions and contentions and all of this,
and then I went over to the church at Thessalonica
and I saw a group of believers that loved one another,
I think I would choose the church at Thessalonica
to join and to worship with and to serve with, amen?
And so we find that this subject matter of loving one another
is something that, again, it's a subject that is brought up regularly
throughout the New Testament.
Hold your place here in 1 John.
I use 1 John 4.11 as the springboard
because the Bible says that we ought also to love one another.
We'll come back to 1 John and actually take a very quick walk
through several chapters of the book
as we deal with the bulk of the message this evening.
But turn back, if you will, to the Gospel of John,
holding your place there in the book of 1 John.
Turn over to John chapter 13, if you will.
John chapter 13, we reference part of this passage of Scripture
on Sunday evening where Jesus is washing the feet of the disciples.
As we come to the end of the text of Scripture,
Jesus is speaking to them and He's obviously letting them know
that He was going to go to Jerusalem and He was going to be killed
and He was going to raise from the dead
and He was going to fulfill the plan that was determined
before the foundation of the world.
But notice this truth that is given to us in John 13 and verse 34.
The Bible says,
It's interesting that Jesus really is ending the 13th chapter
with this instruction of this new command
for He begins the beginning of the chapter in verse number one.
Notice what the Bible says.
And then He says,
That you love one another as I have loved you,
that you also love one another.
His love is a perfect love.
And we find that He has given this new commandment to the disciples.
John, of course, as he would write in the book of 1 John,
as we'll get there in just a moment,
he heard these words, he was used of God to record
these words that were spoken in John 13,
and so he knew about this subject.
Let's look over, if you will, the book of Romans in chapter number 12.
Look at Romans chapter 12.
In Romans chapter number 12 in verse number 9,
the Bible says this,
Romans 12 in verse 9,
That word is an important word for us to understand
when the Bible says let love be without dissimulation.
The word means to be sincere.
It means to have no hypocrisy, to be unfeigned.
That's what the word means, dissimulation.
And so we live in a society sometimes
that really doesn't know how to define love as God defines love.
They misdefine the love of God regularly,
but they also misunderstand love,
that we're to have one for another.
Sometimes we have this I'll do you a favor,
you do me a favor kind of mentality,
but here God says let love be without dissimulation.
It's to be sincere without any hypocrisy.
There's no wrong motive in our love.
We're to love as Christ loved.
In 1 Corinthians 13, we're familiar with this portion of Scripture.
At the 13th chapter of 1 Corinthians,
we speak much about the chapter that deals with charity or with love.
And notice what God says about the importance of love.
In verse number one of 1 Corinthians 13, He says this,
Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels,
and have not charity,
I am become a sounding brass or a tinkling cymbal.
And though I have the gift of prophecy
and understand all mysteries and all knowledge,
and though I have all faith,
so that I could remove mountains and have not charity,
what does it say?
I am nothing.
Verse three,
And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor,
and though I give my body to be purned,
and have not charity,
it profiteth me nothing.
Notice how charity is described,
it suffereth long, is kind,
charity envieth not,
charity vaunteth not itself,
is not puffed up,
doth not behave itself unseemly,
seeketh not her own,
is not easily provoked,
thinketh no evil,
rejoiceth not in iniquity,
but rejoiceth in the truth,
beareth all things,
believeth all things,
hopeth all things,
endureth all things,
and then notice the first phrase of verse number eight,
charity never faileth.
It says at the end of the chapter in verse 13,
And now abideth faith, hope, charity.
These three.
But the greatest of these is charity.
The greatest is charity.
I mentioned about the church in Thessalonica,
where the Bible instructs them in the first epistle
that they are to increase in their love one toward another
in 1 Thessalonians chapter four,
in verses nine and 10.
It's an interesting statement that is made here
because Paul is writing to them
to give them an encouragement,
but he says even in giving them this admonition,
this encouragement to love one another,
he says you're already doing it.
Have you ever had a situation
where you're teaching somebody
or you're instructing somebody to do something
that they're not doing,
but then you also have times
in which you're instructing someone
to do something that they're currently doing,
and what are you doing?
You're encouraging them to continue.
Like, hey, this path that you're taking is the right path.
You're doing right,
and I want to cheer you on to continue and to increase.
Don't get satisfied.
Don't get kind of comfortable.
with where you've gotten to, no, keep pushing forward.
And that's what Paul is doing here.
Notice in 1 Thessalonians 4, in verse number nine,
he says, but as touching brotherly love,
ye need not that I write unto you.
Why?
Because look at what he says,
for ye yourselves are taught of God to love one another.
And indeed, verse number 10, ye do it.
Do what?
Love one another toward all the brethren,
which are in all Macedonia.
I mean, that's a good testimony, isn't it?
But then notice what he says at the end of verse number 10,
but we beseech you, brethren,
that ye increase more and more.
We can never love with the same kind of love
that God does on our own.
God is perfect,
but we find that we are to increase more and more.
We're not to get comfortable.
Sometimes what happens in life,
and this can happen in a variety of arenas of life,
but we can deal with specifically here this evening
in the spiritual life,
is there's some times in which we can kind of
throw it into neutral and coast and think,
we're kind of in a good spot.
But you understand that's a bad decision,
because there's really no just kind of middle ground.
We're either going forward or we're going backward.
And the reality is that we can't just get comfortable
with where we've gotten to.
We must see this admonition to increase more and more.
And in 1 Peter 4 and verse 8,
you don't need to turn there.
Turn back to 1 John, if you will.
We'll look there at 1 John chapter 3.
But in 1 Peter, I'll read it to you
as you're turning to 1 John.
In 1 Peter chapter 4 and verse number 8,
the Bible says, and above all things,
have fervent charity among yourselves,
for charity shall cover the multitude of sins.
And what a great truth,
that we're to have fervent charity,
one toward another.
Now we understand as we come back here
to the book of 1 John,
and really deal with the bulk of the thought this evening
that we find in chapter 4,
when the Bible says, beloved, if God so loved us,
we ought also to love one another.
John knew God's love.
In fact, many times during the writing
of the Gospel of John,
John refers to himself as the disciple whom Jesus loved.
John understood something about the love of God.
John understood, he heard the words
that we read a moment ago,
that are recorded for us in John chapter number 13,
when Jesus said, and John is there,
I give you this new commandment.
And he says in the text of Scripture,
that by this, by your love one for another,
will all men know that you're my disciples.
John heard those words.
Now God is using the apostle John
to write to these that are being addressed
in the book of 1 John, these believers.
This book is written to those that are saved,
and we find that John is writing,
throughout the book of John,
there's many references to this subject of brotherly love.
We find that with the many references
to the subject of brotherly love,
and we'll touch on several of them here in just a moment,
we find that John is giving us some valuable instruction
with regard to this subject,
that we ought to love one another.
We find that John, as he's giving this instruction
throughout the book of 1 John,
one thing that we find repeatedly,
is this idea of not only our fellowship,
but we find that John points out for us
throughout this epistle, or this little letter,
this little epistle, that we have birthmarks,
evidences of being saved.
These things that are pointed out,
one of them being our love one for another,
it's not that we love one another
and that's how we get saved,
and that's how we stay saved,
you know that, you're aware of that,
but he says that if we are saved,
the evidence, one of the evidences,
one of the birthmarks is going to be
that we're gonna love one another.
So notice with me what he tells us
in 1 John chapter three,
I believe that our love one for another,
if you're taking notes, number one,
reveals our conversion,
it reveals that we've been born again.
And in 1 John chapter number three,
notice in verse number 10,
the Bible says,
in this the children of God are manifest
and the children of the devil,
whosoever doeth not righteousness is not of God,
neither he that loveth not his brother.
For this is the message that you heard from the beginning,
that we should love one another.
He uses an example in verse number 12,
not as Cain, who was of that wicked one
and slew his brother,
and wherefore slew he him?
Because his own works were evil
and his brother's righteous,
marvel not my brethren if the world hates you.
And then notice verse 14,
we know, I love when the Bible starts
with those two words,
we referenced several of those last week,
we know that we have passed from death unto life,
why?
Because we love the brethren.
You understand that there are gonna be times
in your life,
I'm so thankful that God has given us
some of these birthmarks,
these evidences of being saved,
because there's some time,
you know, some people base their confidence
of their conversion on their feelings.
Have you ever had a bad day?
You have some feelings,
you don't feel so hot,
you don't feel so,
you know what I'm saying?
Listen, my confidence is not how I'm feeling
from day to day,
because my feelings change from day to day,
and so do yours.
You can be the most, you know,
kind of laid back individual,
but the reality is that we have seasons
in our life when our feelings are gonna change.
But here we find that he says we know
that we have passed from death unto life,
why?
Because we love the brethren.
He that loveth not his brother abideth in death.
And so we find here that it reveals our conversion,
the reality, I've said this before,
that we, when we're born again,
there's something,
the Bible talks about that his spirit's in us,
and his spirit bears witness with us,
but I believe also with one another.
You ever come to a presence,
I feel that this is gonna happen for us next week
when we're in Panama,
there are gonna be some people in Panama
that I'm not gonna be able to communicate with effectively.
They speak a different language than I do,
they know more maybe English words
than I know Spanish words,
but there's gonna be some difficulty.
When I was in Mexico several years ago
on a missions trip,
there were several people that, man,
I didn't, we couldn't speak two words to each other,
they just knew zero English.
But you know what's awesome, Bart,
is that there was just something about just being together.
It was like the Holy Spirit was in them
and the Holy Spirit was in me,
and we were just having fellowship
without even being able to communicate.
It was an amazing experience.
And again, not that experience is everything,
but it's one of those things that when you're saved
and the Holy Spirit lives within you
and the Holy Spirit dwells within another believer,
we have love one for another,
we wanna be with each other, amen?
And that's the way it ought to be.
Listen, I have more in common with saved people
than I do with lost people, amen?
I don't care if the lost people are blood relatives.
I'm saying to you that we have more in common
with our saved brothers and sisters in Christ
and we have richer and deeper
and more fulfilling fellowship
than we can with a lost person,
even if they're a blood relative.
I don't mean that to be unkind.
I'm not lacking grace.
I'm just being honest with you.
That's the way it is.
And if you're saved by the grace of God,
you can remember when you didn't have love for the brethren
because you weren't saved, but then you get saved,
you get into a church,
and it's something amazing about that love.
It's an evidence.
And so it reveals our conversion.
Number two, here from the book of 1 John,
it reveals our walk with God.
Reveals our walk with God.
What do I mean by that?
Well, turn back, if you will, to the second chapter,
1 John chapter two,
and notice what the Bible says
beginning in verse number seven.
It says, brethren, I write no new commandment unto you,
but an old commandment,
which you heard from, had from the beginning.
The old commandment is the word
which you have heard from the beginning.
Again, a new commandment I write unto you,
which thing is true in him and in you,
because the darkness is passed
and the true light now shineth.
He that saith he is in the light
and hateth his brother is in darkness even until now.
He that loveth his brother abideth in the light,
and there is none occasion of stumbling in him,
but he that hateth his brother is in darkness
and walketh in darkness and knoweth not whither he goeth,
because that darkness hath blinded his eyes.
It's amazing to me, we used,
I preached from 1 John back in 2022 as our theme.
It was walk in the light from verse number seven
of chapter one, and I was just so,
God used this verse in 2021 in 1 John 2, 7
and just got my attention with it,
and then we ended up using it for the whole theme for 2022,
but the Bible says, but if we walk in the light
as he is in the light,
we have fellowship one with another,
and that was the part where God just grabbed my attention,
because yes, we have fellowship with him.
If we walk in the light as he is in the light,
sure, we have fellowship with him,
but he says that we have fellowship one with another,
and so we see as we take this truth
and then look at what John says in 1 John 2, 7-11,
that we're walking, if we're loving our brother,
we're abiding in the light.
We're walking with the Lord.
We're doing.
That which were to do and it's that evidence 1st John 4 and verse 20 says if a man say I love God and hate it
This brother. He is a liar you say pastor. That's pretty strong. Yeah, it's what God said
If a man say I love God and hate hath his brother he is a liar
For he that loveth not his brother whom he hath seen how can he love God whom he hath not seen well
You just don't understand we have two different personalities. We just can't
Oh, hold on if you're saved by the grace of God, and they're saved by the grace of God
We've been given a commandment to love one another
Amen
To love one another notice you can't do this in your own in your own power in your own spirit
The Holy Spirit of God who indwells us. He's the one that enables us to do it the fruit of the Spirit is
Help me
Love right is it not is that how it begins and so we find the the fruit of the Spirit is love joy
Peace long-suffering so on and so forth and so we find
That that truth, but I want you to also see this and then I'll get back
We'll look at a kind of wrap it up put some application in but in Romans chapter number five
God says this you don't need to turn there
I'll read it for you, but in in Romans 5 in verse number 5 the Bible says in hope make it not a shame because
The love of God is shed abroad in our hearts
By the Holy Ghost which is given unto us
I
Just as I as I understand the ministry of the Holy Spirit of God
And I understand the the indwelling of the Spirit the filling of the Spirit. We read a verse like this
We understand we're to love one another we ought to love one another but here we get an understanding of how this is accomplished
It's because the Holy Spirit of God
He is the one that
Indwells us and fills us and it says that the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost
Which is given unto us?
What a joy
To see how God makes a difference in people's lives and can give us a love
For the brethren were to love one another now
Let me ask this and we'll kind of jump into some application this evening
We talked about hey, we ought to love one another Paul says the believers at Thessalonica you you're doing it
Well, how did Paul know that they were doing it?
You ever wonder that I mean in first Thessalonians 4 verse 9
He says I'm gonna give you this commandment that you love one another you already know this been and in fact
You do it toward all the brethren. How did Paul know that they loved one another?
How did he know that they loved all the brethren in Macedonia?
Well, I will say this that love is not just words. It's actions
Notice what the Bible says in 1st John 3 I kept you over there in 1st John and then we're gonna move to a few
Other places but in 1st John chapter number 3 notice what the Bible says in verse number 18
First John 3 in verse 18 my little children. Let us not love in word neither in tongue now
It doesn't mean that we should never say I love you to somebody. It doesn't mean that we shouldn't
Verbalize our love but you understand people have said this before words are cheap
Right. Have you ever heard somebody say that words are cheap? You can say whatever you want to say, but the reality he says listen
let us not love in word neither in tongue, but
indeed and in truth
So we we think about it. I kind of look at verse 18. It's talk verse action
and so for Paul to say to the church of the
There in Thessalonica to say to them. I'm gonna give you this admonition to love
But you're already doing it. And now I want you to increase more and more. How did he know they were doing it?
Well their actions revealed
He was aware of the testimony came back that they loved the brethren
So very quickly, what does love look like when we talk about the subject of brotherly love again?
You come to church on Wednesday night. We ought to proclaim the gospel as we dealt with last week
Okay, we understand the truth, but then how do we do it? What's the application?
How do I if I know remember knowing what we ought to do doesn't mean that we do it
Amen
But if we know what we ought to do and how to do it
It goes a long way to enabling us to do it
and so we find here this evening three simple thoughts in closing on what love looks like and how as
We love one another loving the brethren. What does this look like? Well, I love therefore I pray
I love therefore I pray. What is how do I how do I see that in the scriptures?
Well, thanks for asking turn to the book of Philippians and look at Philippians chapter number one
and I want you to see what what Paul says is right into the church at Philippi and
Paul was there in Philippi amazing things that happen
You can read during the second missionary journey in the gospel in the in the book of Acts and see how God has worked
He's writing this letter back to the church at Philippi
Roughly 10 to 12 years after his first arrival in Philippi now 10 to 12 years a long time
It's it's not that long, but it's a it's a pretty good piece of time
that's passed and 10 to 12 13 maybe years passed between Paul's arrival there in
Philippi and now writing this letter and notice what the Bible says in verse number 3 Paul says I thank my God
Upon every remembrance of you. This was the verse that the missionary brother Barrett used
I read it tonight when he wrote wrote us that letter
For giving that love offering from the vacation Bible school penny offering to help them
But Paul says I thank my God upon every remembrance of you
Always notice in every prayer of mine for you all making requests
With joy skip down for sake of time to verse number 7
The Bible says even as it is meet for me to think this of you all why?
Because I have you in my heart in as much as both in my bonds and in the defense and confirmation of the gospel
Ye all are partakers of my grace
He tells them in verse number 9 and this I pray that your love may abound yet more and more
So Paul has them in his heart
Therefore he's praying for them. He loves them and his action one of the actions of loving is that he's praying
You know who you pray for you pray for the people you love
You know who you pray for you pray for the people that are on your heart
Am I not right?
That's who you pray for
The Holy Spirit of God has ever happened in your life that the Holy Spirit bring somebody to your mind
Bring somebody your heart and you just begin to pray for him. Maybe you don't even know what they're dealing with
You're not sure of the search a certain situation or circumstance
But but the Holy Spirit of God prompts you why you they're on your heart
The people in our heart the people that we love and Paul says I thank my God upon every remembrance of you
and by the way, I'm thinking of you often why because you're in my heart because I love you and
Because I love you I'm praying for you
Do you understand tonight that the greatest thing that we as believers can do one for another is pray for each other?
honestly
We live in a society. We live in a time in an era where prayer has been
Neglected when prayer has just been set to the side when people say well
All I can do is pray for you as if it's an apology. Have you ever heard somebody say it that way as
If it's an apology that all I can do is pray for you
In fact, it's the greatest thing I could ever do for you is pray for you
People sometimes they don't want your prayer. They want your money. They don't whatever it might be
We see we get faced with some of these things
But the reality is that when we enter into our prayer closet and we get busy
Interceding on the behalf of our brother and sister in Christ, man. That's because we love them
It's work
But because I love I pray number two because I love I serve
Because I love I serve notice in Galatians chapter 5
Just a few pages back in your Bible Galatians chapter number 5 and notice verse 13 and 14
You know, it's a blessing to be able to serve the Lord. It's a blessing to be able to serve each other
It's a blessing
In Galatians 5 in verse 13, it says for brethren
You've been called unto Liberty only use not Liberty for an occasion of the flesh, but by love
serve
one another
For all the laws fulfilled in one word even in this thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself
That's going back to that old commandment from the Old Testament
Jesus said love as I love to his disciples and we understand that of course
We're still familiar with that commandment to love as I love
What a great truth and we say that we find here says but by love
serve one another
What a joy to be able to serve each other
To be able to show our love for someone by serving them
Not because we have to but because we get to not because we're guilty
But because we have a heart of love and we want to serve those what Hebrews says in Hebrews chapter 6 with this idea of serving
one another in
Hebrews chapter number 6
In Hebrews 6 in verse 10 the Bible says for God is not unrighteous to forget notice
your work and labor of love, which you have showed toward His name, how did they show
it?
In that you have ministered to the saints and do minister."
You know, it's a blessing to serve one another.
It's not a problem.
I'm going to use, and I think it's Wednesday night crowd, I think we can understand this
and I don't mean it to be an embarrassment, but Mr. Don has not been loving the idea of
having to be in a wheelchair.
Could we agree with that?
It bothers him that he's got to be wheeled in here.
And he said to me on more than one occasion, I'm sorry to be a bother.
You know what I tell him every time he says that?
It's not a bother at all.
We are glad to be able to do it.
And here's what I told Mr. Don a few weeks ago.
I said, now, Mr. Don, if we can back up about 15 years ago and somebody needed someone to
push them in a wheelchair, would you do it?
And he said, absolutely.
I said, okay, so let's not have the conversation anymore.
We get to serve one another.
Why?
Because we love, we serve.
We serve each other.
It's not so we can get something in return.
It's because we love.
Amen?
Verse number three, I love, therefore, I forgive.
I love, therefore, I forgive.
Notice in the book of Ephesians, I know I got you kind of going back and forth, Ephesians
chapter number four, Ephesians chapter four and verse number two, just because we love
one another doesn't mean there's not going to be ever an occasion where we're going to
have to forgive.
We love as families and there are times in which we offend one another and there's need
for forgiveness.
As a church family, there'll be times in which somebody says something or does something
and because we love one another, there's forgiveness.
In Ephesians four and verse number two, the Bible says this, with all lowliness and meekness,
with long-suffering, forbearing one another in love.
And so we see this admonition at the front of the chapter, if you will, that we're to
have this humility and this patience, this long-suffering, forbearing one another in
love.
And then we find that we come to verse 32 and the Bible says this, and be kind one to
another, tender-hearted.
Now tender-hearted doesn't necessarily mean love, but I believe that it communicates an
aspect of, because I love, I'm tender-hearted, there's some similarities or some impact there
between those two things.
And then notice where it says, forgiving one another, even as God, for Christ's sake, hath
forgiven you.
The message tonight is not strictly on any of these particular thoughts of praying or
serving or forgiving, but forgiveness is so necessary.
And because I love, I forgive.
The list is not exhaustive tonight.
It's a Wednesday evening, we have time for prayer, but the reality is that we see with
great clarity tonight that we ought to love one another.
We see it in the New Testament, we see the command of the Lord Jesus Christ, all men
are going to know you're my disciples as they see your love one for another.
We see a church in Thessalonica that, man, if you visited that church and you saw, man,
this is a church where they love each other.
You went to the church at Corinth and said, man, this is a church where they're at each
other's throat.
I mean, there's contentions and there's divisions and what is going on?
What church do you want to join?
What church do you want to be part of?
I've been told from visitors from time to time of our church, they say something like
this, your church is different.
It seems like the people like each other.
And so I'll take that as a compliment because we don't just like each other, we love each
other.
But let me say this, as we look at this instruction, even as I mentioned from 1 Thessalonians 4
verses 9 and 10, we cannot get content, we cannot get comfortable, we must understand
that though we do it, we're not perfect at it, but we must increase more and more.
So that it might be said as it was of the church in Thessalonica in 2 Thessalonians
1, as I mentioned by way of introduction, that the charity of every one of you all toward
each other aboundeth.
I love the way that it's worded in 2 Thessalonians 1.3 because it wasn't just that there were
certain cliques within the church that loved each other.
No doubt many of us have been part of a church or we've been aware of or associated with
some type of situation where, oh, there's cliques of people that love each other.
But here the Bible says that the charity of every one of you all toward each other aboundeth.
It's not just necessarily that, oh, I connect well with that person and I'm going to, no,
it's we're brothers and sisters in Christ.
And so the admonition this evening is that we would increase more and more that we ought
to love one another.
Let's pray together.
Father, we love you.
We thank you for loving us.
Thank you for being so gracious to us.
Thank you for giving us your word.
And I pray that as we understand that we're to love in deed and in truth, not simply in
word, Lord, that you would enable us through your Holy Spirit which indwells us to love
one another, to love as you love, to love as we ought to.
I pray that you'd bless our time of prayer.
I pray that you'd be honored and glorified for it's in Christ's name we pray.
Amen.
All right.
Does anyone need a prayer bulletin?
You did not receive.